Youtube and Content ID. We Soundtrack Loops™ have the right to publish demos of our products on Youtube. We can claim copyright ownership because we are the copyright holders. Our sounds are licensed to you to use royalty free in your works. This means that you don’t have to pay us royalties to use our sounds BUT we have the right to monetize our demo songs on Youtube as the copyright owner. If you use our sounds and content ID files a claim we can have your page white listed which means you can publish your song ad free BUT you can not monetize the song on Youtube IF the sounds you used match the ones in our demo songs. This is why it is important to take our loops and change them to make them your own. We are on your side so please contact us if you have any questions or need white listing on your page.

The loops and samples from www.soundtrackloops.com (and Soundtrack Loops™) remain the property of its manufacturer Soundtrack Loops™ (Collectively, “Licensor”) and are licensed to you as the original end-user (“Licensee”), for use subject to the provisions below. The demo songs from www.soundtrackloops.com remain the property of its manufacturer Soundtrack Loops™ and are NOT licensed to the end user. All rights not expressly granted herein are reserved exclusively by Licensor.

(A) The sounds in a category of “Demo Songs”:

Demo songs, songs composed to display a demonstration of sounds in a single pack, remain intellectual property of Soundtrack Loops (manufacture/composer). A license for Soundtrack Loops™ demo songs is not available to the end user. The loops and samples agreement does not apply to the demo songs found on the Soundtrack Loops™ site and on Soundtrack Loops™ distributor sites. Soundtrack Loops demo songs are arrangements composed to demonstrate sounds from a single pack and they are not available to you to use as an edited segment or as a whole. The end user may NOT sell, copy, or distribute the Soundtrack Loops™ demo songs.

(B) The sounds in a category of “Loops and Samples (sounds)”:

The Licensee may use the sounds in combination with other sounds in music productions to create something new and unique. Usage includes soundtracks for films, video productions, radio/TV programs or commercials, computer games and multimedia presentations, library music, public performances, and other reasonable musical purposes within musical compositions.

The Licensee may modify the sounds and may use the sounds for commercial purposes as part of a musical composition with other sounds.

The Licensee MAY NOT use the sounds in isolation as sound effects or as loops (i.e. a sequence of musical events) or any competitive products that are sold or relicensed to multiple third parties.

A right to use the sounds is granted only to the Licensee and is NOT transferable.

This license expressly forbids resale, relicensing or other distribution of the sounds, either as they exist or any modification thereof. You cannot sell, loan, rent, lease, assign, upload to or download from any server, or transfer all or any of the enclosed sounds to another user, or for use in any competitive product.

Licensor will not be responsible if the sounds does not fit the particular purpose of the Licensee.

In a nutshell: You may use our loops and samples in a new original composition royalty free. You may mangle and modify the sounds and use them in your original music royalty free. You may create new original songs with the sounds and sell the songs BUT be warned that some loops may be used by others and can get flagged by content ID if you don’t create something unique from the loop set. You may NOT use single isolated unmodified loops and samples from Soundtrack Loops as sound effects or loops without layering them with several sounds to make them different.

This is a general license which covers all Soundtrack Loops™ products if in doubt please contact us.